Link cloud and self hosted docs in the features section (#75)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: features/integration-github-bitbucket-gitlab.md

* Webhooks: Code changes and releases

#### Bitbucket Data Center / Server

> * OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket Data Center / Server accounts. Follow [this setup](../docs/cloud/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for the cloud plan or [this setup](../docs/self-hosted/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for Self-Hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth: Users authenticate on Private Packagist with their Bitbucket Data Center / Server accounts. Follow [this setup](../docs/cloud/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for Cloud plans or [this setup](../docs/self-hosted/bitbucket-server-integration-setup.md) for Self-Hosted.
```

Author: oh! you suggested for all places. Didn't see. Updated via commit and took the suggestion literally.
